New CopySlice rule that helps to avoid symbolic copyslice in case of overapproximation (#667)
ethereum/hevm: CHANGELOG.md

- Two more simplification rules: `ReadByte` & `ReadWord` when the `CopySlice`
  it is reading from is writing after the position being read, so the
  `CopySlice` can be ignored

> - One more simplification rule that helps avoid symbolic copyslice in case of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More simplification rules that help avoid symbolic copyslice in case of
```

  STATICCALL overapproximation

> - Test to make sure we don't accidentally overapproxmate a working, good STATICCALL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test to make sure we don't accidentally overapproximate a working, good STATICCALL
```
